Diego: Hi guys!
Jesús: Hello guys, How are you?
Ariana: Hi, I'm fine thank you

Diego: very well, what carier ar you guys studying?
Jesús: I study accounting career.
Ariana: I study Banking and Finance.
Diego: I am studying Software Design and
Diego: How about the classes?
Jesús: Well, next week I have exams.
Ariana: Me too, I have to study all week.

Jesús: I like to play soccer, what are your hobbies?
Diego: I like to go out end enjoy the atmosfir
Ariana: Well, I like to go for a walk in the mall.

Ariana: What means of transport do you use the most?
Jesús: I use the bus the most.
Diego: I yus the taxi the most. 
Ariana: I usually take In driver.

Jesús: Guys, what is your favorite food?
Diego: My feiborit food is sifud chaufa.
Ariana: My favorite food is chaufa 
Jesús: My favorite food is ceviche.

Diego: Jesús end Ariana What are your feiborit colors? 
Jesús: My favorite color is Sky blue.
Ariana: My favorite color is Red, i love the color red

Ariana: How do you like the weather guys?
Jesús: It looks like a cloudy day to me, but maybe the sun will come out.
Diego: Well, I don't really like the wedher right naw, I fil that deer is a lot of jiumiditi.
Jesús: Diego and Ariana, What is your routine in the morning?
Diego: I wake up at 6 am, I take a shower, then I change end go to study sins I start at 7 am.
Ariana:
Jesús: I usually wake up at 5:30 am. I often take a shower in the morning. I have breakfast and brush my teeth. Then I get dressed. I go to institute at 6 o´clock

Diego: Haw ar their joms?
Ariana:
Jesús: My house is big, it has three floors, four bedrooms, two kitchens and two bathrooms, and finally, a library and a living room.
Diego: My house is big , there is a garden end there is a garash, Which his perents yus to store their car. In his garden ji his pets.

Ariana:  What rules do they have at house?
Diego: My house rules are:
•	Wi mast not arraib too leit at night.
•	Wi mast  kip the house clean.
•	Wi shud not have partys at home.
•	Wi mast  kip our rooms taidy.

Jesús: My house rules are:
•	We must not be late.
•	We must take the dogs for a walk.
•	We shouldn't make too much noise.
•	We must order our rooms.
And you Ariana?
Ariana: My house rules are:

Jesús: Are any of you working?

Diego: I do, I work in an ironing end peiting company.
Ariana: I do, I work at Compartamos financial

Jesús: Me not at the moment.

Jesus: Well, I have to go now. Goodbye Diego and Ariana.

Ariana: Hope to see you guys 

Diego: Well, I have to go too, goodBye.


